Add Netlify topic (#2215)
github/explore: topics/netlify/index.md

---
display_name: Netlify

> short_description: Netlify is a continuous deployment powerfull serveless platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: Netlify is a continuous deployment powerful serverless platform.
```
